Character
Expression, verbalization, socialization, the arts, the joy of living.

Positive
You express yourself well, are sociable, and creative. You may be an entertainer with a bright, effervescent, optimistic attitude. You excel in communications within the verbal realm, writing, speaking, acting, or similar endeavors. You enjoy harmony, beauty and all sorts of pleasures.

Capturing your capability in creative self-expression is the highest level of attainment for you.

You're warm and friendly, a good conversationalist, social and open.  You're a delight to listen to, but even more importantly, you have the ability to listen to others. Accordingly, you are always a welcome addition to any social situation and know how to make others feel at home. You have a creative imagination, but may not be moved to develop his talent. Your approach to life is exceedingly positive and your disposition is  almost always sunny and open-hearted. You effectively cope with all of  the many setbacks that occur in life and readily bounce back for more. It  is usually easy for you to deal with problems because you can freely admit their existence without letting them get you down. You have good  manners and seem to be very conscious of other people's feelings and emotions. Life is generally lived to the fullest, often without much worry about tomorrow. You are not very good at handling money because of a general lack of concern about it. You spend it when you have it and don't when you don't.

Typically, you have an above-average ability in some art form. This can encompass painting, interior decorating, landscaping, crafts, writing, music, or the stage, or all of the above. You are apt to be a happy, inspired person, constantly seeking the stimuli of similar people. Your exuberant nature can take you far, especially if you are able to focus your energies and talents.

Negative
On the negative side, you may be so delighted with the joy of living that the life becomes frivolous and superficial. You may scatter your abilities and express little sense of purpose. You can be an enigma. For no apparent reason you may become moody and tend to retreat. Escapist tendencies are not uncommon and you find it very hard to settle into one place or one position. Guard against being critical of others, impatient, intolerant, or overly optimistic.
