Character
Initiating action, pioneering, leading, independent, attaining, individual.

Positive
You are characterized by individualist desires, independence, and the need for personal attainment. Your purpose is to become independent. This is a two part learning process; first, you must learn to stand on your own two feet and learn not to depend on others. After you are indeed free and independent, you must learn to be a leader.

You have the potential for greatness as a leader, but may fail as a follower. You may spend most of your life battling with your dependent side. Often, there is little time left to enjoy the rewards you've gained through independence. You have to cope with an environment where it's easy to be dependent, and difficult to be independent.

You have an abundance of creative inspiration, and possesses the enthusiasm and drive to accomplish a great deal. Your drive and potential for action comes directly from the enormous depth of strength you have. This is both physical and inner strength. With this strength comes utter determination and the capability to lead. As a natural leader, you have a flair for taking charge of any situation. You're highly original and may have talents as an inventor or innovator of some sort. In any work that


you choose, your independent attitude will show through. You have very strong personal needs and desires. You feel it is always necessary to follow your own convictions. You are ambitious, and either understand or must learn the need for aggressive action to promote yourself. Although you may hide the fact for social reasons, you are highly self-centered and demand to have your way in most circumstances.

Negative
Your demeanor may appear very dependent rather than independent. If you are expressing this negative trait, you are likely to be very dissatisfied with your circumstances, and long for self-sufficiency. You can become too self-serving, selfish and egotistical. Watch out for over-confidence and impatience, as these traits are common.

Many of our Generals, corporate and political leaders, are in this category.
