Character
Humanitarian, giving nature, selflessness, obligations, creative expression.

Positive
You are compassionate, generous, and have a very humanitarian attitude. You are trustworthy and honorable, and one unlikely to harbor any sort of prejudice. Obviously, this is a rather tall order, but you are, in fact, a person that feels very deeply for individuals less fortunate than yourself, and if you are in a position to help, you certainly will.

You tend to be quite sensitive, as you see the world with much feeling and compassion. Your purpose is of a philosophical nature. Judges, spiritual leaders, healers and educators frequently have much number 9 energy.

Material gains are not overly important to you, although you may be rewarded significantly with material objects. You have a very selfless attitude and will easily give up material possessions for the common good.

You are extremely passionate. Your desire to help others, especially the troubled or underprivileged, is strong. You are apt to frequently find yourself being used and let down by others, as your generosity is misused and abused.

Your very deep understanding of life is sometimes manifested in the artistic and literary fields. Here you may be able to express your deep emotional feelings through painting, writing, music, or other art forms. Often, however, you have a great deal of difficulty finding a suitable outlet for your expression. You are well suited for the helping and healing professions. You're less inclined to the competitive business environment.

You have the ability to make friends very easily, as people are attracted to your magnetic, open personality. You have a special gift of understanding people, which if used correctly, can be of great benefit to others. Your interest in people tends to make you quite social. People just naturally like you because you are so sympathetic, tolerant and broad-minded. In many ways, you are a romantic that can get lost in your loves and passions. Relationships can be difficult for you, however, because it is hard to strike a balance that will work effectively. If your partner understands your giving attitudes, the relationship will be happy and lasting. On the other hand, if you choose a partner whose focus is on material issues, problems will arise quickly.

Negative
You tend to fight the realities and challenges of purpose imposed, because selflessness is not an easy trait. You may have difficulty believing that giving and a lack of personal ambition can be satisfying. It must be realized and accepted that little long-term satisfaction and happiness is to be gained by rejecting the natural humanitarian inclinations of your path.
