Character
Analysis, understanding, knowledge, awareness, studious, meditating

Positive
You are a peaceful and affectionate soul and by nature rather reserved  and analytical. You are a deep thinker and you will garner knowledge from practically every source that you find. Intellectual, scientific and studious, you don't accept a premise until you have dissected the subject and arrived at you own independent conclusion. You have a sort of spiritual wisdom that becomes apparent at a fairly early age.

You need a good deal of quiet time to be with your own inner thoughts and dreams. You dislike crowds, noise and confusion. You are very thorough and complete in your work. You're a perfectionist who expects everyone else to meet a high standard of performance, too. You evaluate situations very quickly and with amazing accuracy. You rely heavily on your experiences and your intuition, rather than accepting advice from someone. Your hunches usually prove to be very accurate, and knowing this, you are someone who tends to follow their directions.

It's easy for you to detect deception and recognize insincere people. You aren't one to have a wide circle of friends, but once you accept someone as a friend, it's for life. You really aren't a very social person, and your reserve is often taken to be aloofness. Actually, it's not that at all, but merely a cover up for your basic feeling of insecurity. You actually like being alone, away from the hustle and bustle of modern life. In many ways, you would have fit in better in much earlier times when the pace of life was less hectic.

Negative
You can become very pessimistic, lackadaisical, quarrelsome, and secretive. If you are not living life fully and gaining through experiences, you're a hard person to live with. You have a serious lack of consideration for others. You are very selfish and spoiled.

If you have any of the negative traits they are very difficult to get rid of because you tend to feel that the world really does owe you a living or in some way you're not being fairly treated. Fortunately, your negative traits are not typical, at least not without some mitigating positive traits. You have some major shifts from highs to lows. Stability in feelings may be elusive for you.
